what do you see everything that's weak
ass
oh how I've missed you homes have you I
bet enough strips
I needed less super mr. Cortland case of
my career
what are we up against here
the most formidable criminal mind in
Europe professor James Moriarty if we
can stop him should prevent the collapse
of Western civilization no pressure
who are you to concerned citizens
mr. Holmes
I feeling you're in danger are you sure
you want to play this game I'm afraid
you use
oh dear
what I agree it's not my best disguise
you know my methods shall we get to work
your clock is ticking do trust be no
can you just tell my why I timed it
perfectly just follow
make it count
I'd say that comes you do seem excited
manic I am verging on aesthetic
psychotic I shoulda brought you a
sedative